Add bytea to working with types and improve img example (#542)
PostgREST/postgrest-docs: docs/how-tos/working-with-postgresql-data-types.rst

PostgREST makes use of PostgreSQL string representations to work with data types. Thanks to this, you can use special values, such as ``now`` for timestamps, ``yes`` for booleans or time values including the time zones. This page describes how you can take advantage of these string representations to perform operations on different PostgreSQL data types.

.. contents::
  :local:
  :depth: 1

> 

Reviewer: Nice! I thought the TOC needed to be manual.

      create cast (mytsrange as json) with function mytsrange_to_json(mytsrange) as assignment;

> Binary Data Types
> -----------------

Reviewer: How about just bytea?
```suggestion
Bytea
--------
```

To send raw binary to PostgREST you need a function with a single unnamed parameter of `bytea type <https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/datatype-binary.html>`_. For example, let's create a table that will save some files and a function that inserts data to that table:

.. code-block:: postgres

   create table files (
     id serial primary key,
     file bytea
   );

   create function upload_binary(bytea) returns void as $$
     insert into files (file) values ($1);
   $$ language sql;

> .. TODO: GRANT FOR SERIAL

Reviewer: You can use the `generated always as identity` instead of `serial`.

Author: Didn't know that it's even suggested not to use `serial`: https://wiki.postgresql.org/wiki/Don%27t_Do_This#Don.27t_use_serial

    postgrest-logo.png

  .. code-tab:: bash Curl

    curl "http://localhost:3000/rpc/upload_binary" \
      -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/octet-stream" \
      --data-binary "@postgrest-logo.png"

To get the image from the database, you will need to set the ``Accept: application/octet-stream`` header in the request and select only the
``bytea`` column.

.. tabs::

  .. code-tab:: http

    GET /files?select=file&id=eq.1 HTTP/1.1
    Accept: application/octet-stream

  .. code-tab:: bash Curl

    curl "http://localhost:3000/files?select=file&id=eq.1" \
      -H "Accept: application/octet-stream"

You can also use more accurate headers depending on the type of the files by using the :ref:`raw-media-types` configuration. For example, adding the ``raw-media-types="image/png"`` setting to the configuration file will allow you to use the ``Accept: image/png`` header:

.. tabs::

  .. code-tab:: http

    GET /files?select=file&id=eq.1 HTTP/1.1
    Accept: image/png

  .. code-tab:: bash Curl

    curl "http://localhost:3000/files?select=file&id=eq.1" \
      -H "Accept: image/png"

See :ref:`providing_img` for a step-by-step example on how to handle images in HTML.

> .. note::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. warning::
```

>    Be careful when saving binaries in the database, you may want to use a separate storage service to handle files. See `the PostgreSQL wiki <https://wiki.postgresql.org/wiki/BinaryFilesInDB>`_ for reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Be careful when saving binaries in the database, having a separate storage service for these is preferable in most cases. See `the PostgreSQL wiki <https://wiki.postgresql.org/wiki/BinaryFilesInDB>`_ for reference.
```
